This is me. And it is not good at all. Its very hard living like this. I don't know how much longer can I sustain this life. I don't want to be anymore.
When I try to remember the good part in me, I only get a faded picture. It is faded to the extent that now  I am not even sure that it was a memory or 
just a dream. Was I ever worthy of myself? It is very difficult to show to anyone what I feel. I just feel that I am unworthy of everything. 
We just run and run, never even pause. And we are programmed in that very way which does not let us stop in any scenario. We have all these competitions,
and races, and events, which keep us busy in running. But, due to sme reasons, I got to stop. The more relations a person has, the less likely he is to
stop and ponder. The things I saw and the way in which I saw them are devastating. People will generally think that I am just talking all this shit to 
get attention, but little do they know that the last thing I want from them is their attention. I speak the truth, but I don't think that they can 
understand what I am trying to tell. They just treat everyone like themselves, including me. 
My question is simple, Why do we do the things that we do? What is the reason? I don't know how far can I get with this thought, but I don't really
mind. I have completely lost my way now. Even a murderer's life is more meaningful than mine, at least he has a motive, a dream that he wants to see come 
true. I have become completely aimless in my life. Nothing excites me anymore. When I try to find the reason for this transition of myself, I realise that 
I was always this way. Only before I used to project my issues on others and tried to find reason to live. But with time, I asked myself whether these people 
are trustworthy? I tried many times to trust them, but everyone broke me. Then I only had one way left, to project my life on objects rather that on people.
And interestingly, at the same time I failed in JEE, which marked the beginning of my transition. That one year, I was alone, only with people whom I could trust.
I always say that it was the best time of my life. Now I understand, it indeed was the best time, because I had people who genuinly cared for me, I had a motive, I was
full. I was Good. I am really jealous with myself.
Now I am finally in IIT. Yes I did it, but at what cost? I lost my passion, I lost my aims, I lost my dreams, I lost my way, I lost ME. And I can never forgive myself for 
that. After I have come here, I finally realise that I am completely useless. There are people who are better than me in every aspect. I am of no use to this world and 
to this universe. I am just a mistake of nature. I wasn't meant to be born. I am a disgrace on my family and on humanity. I hated betrays, and now, I everyday
betray myself. I spend my parent's money knowing that they don't have much. I bought this laptop and it cost them fortune. I am completely evil. Now, there's no good 
left in me anymore. Everyday is a challenge to my existence. Every morning asks me deliberately why did I wake up again? And I never have the answer. I loved a girl
I tried to gave her the best of me. I always wanted to fulfill her dreams and this was the only dream of mine. But she hates me now. This is not for her, but even at
my best, I couldn't keep her happy. And I am pretty sure that I won't be able to give that level of myself to any other person ever.
I don't deserve to be alive. I am the worst a man can get. I always push people away from me, because I don't want them to get hurt by me. Because, the only thing 
that I am good at, is hurting others. Everytime someone comes near me, I hurt them. Every time. I should be killed. I am a trash in the society.
The only reason that I am breathing is because of my parents. There is no other reason for me not to jump right now. 
I only have one dream for myself. When I will earn money, I will live in a small room alone, in a completely unknown place, where no one will ever know me. I will go to
work and then just come and sleep, because I am worthless. 
I don't think that I deserve to eat anymore than what is necessary, which would save a lot of money, because I don't deserve my parents money.
I have a beautiful sister and I hope she does well in her life. I am an aimless creature, and this is similar to a garbage. 
I am done now. I killed myself, and I have to live with that the rest of my life.
I am sorry to everyone that I have met. I know you all hate me. I don't even expect anything else. I too hate myself. Even I can't forgive myself.
I don't expect you to either. 





